ipws2023/markdown/index.md, before:

# Data Anonymization Competition
# iPWS Cup 2023

<div align="center">
<img src="./Images/teaser.jpg" width=50%>
</div>

## What's new!
- Mar.  9th, 2023: Opened this page.

## Rules (overview)
### Story
In the story of iPWS Cup 2023, we intend to provide health data that contain diagnostic outcomes to researchers who study to predict risks of acquiring diabetes.  
The data contain records that include extreme high body-mass index (BMI).  
In the anonymization phase, each participating team of the iPWS Cup 2023 anonymizes health data in order to prevent identifying medical examinees.  
In the attack phase, each team checks whether anonymized data generated by other teams include their team's records or not. Once the inclusion is detected, identify the record from the anonymized data.  
The winner of the iPWS Cup 2023 will be a team that generated the most secure and useful health data.

## Committee
<dl>
 <dt>Chair</dt>
 <dd>Hiroaki Kikuchi, Meiji University, Japan</dd>
<dt>Members</dt>
 <dd>Makoto Iguchi, Kii Corporation, Japan</dd>
 <dd>Atsushi Kuromasa, Data Society Aliance, Japan</dd>
 <dd>Koji Chida, Gunma University, Japan</dd>
 <dd>Yuichi Nakamura, SoftBank Corp., Japan</dd>
 <dd>Takuma Hatano, NS Solutions Corporation, Japan</dd>
 <dd>Koki Hamada, NTT Social Informatics Laboratories, Japan</dd>
 <dd>Wakana Maeda, LINE, Japan</dd>
 <dd>Akira Yamada, Kobe University, Japan</dd>
 <dd>Takayuki Miura, NTT Social Informatics Laboratories, Japan</dd>
 <dd>MA Ruiqiang, Meiji University, Japan</dd>
 <dd>Chia-Mu Yu, National Yang Ming Chiao Tung University, Taiwan</dd>
 <dd>Hiromi Arai, RIKEN, Japan</dd>
 <dd>Hiroto Eguchi, TOPPAN, Japan</dd>
 <dd>Josep Domingo-Ferrer, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Catalonia</dd>
 <dd>Alberto Blanco-Justicia, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Catalonia</dd>
 <dd>Najeeb Jebreel, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Catalonia</dd>
 <dd>Isaac Agudo, University of Malaga, Spain</dd>
 <dd>Ruben Rios, University of Malaga, Spain</dd>
</dl>

## iPWS Cup 2023 Schedule
| Date | Events |
| :--- | :----- |
| May  10 - June  2, 2023. | Team registration |
| June  5 - June 19, 2023. | Preliminary round 1 Anonymization (2 weeks) |
| June 26 - July 10, 2023. | Preliminary round 2 Attack (2 weeks) |
| July 24 - Aug.  7, 2023. | Final round 1 Anonymization (2 weeks) |
| Aug. 14 - Aug. 21, 2023. | Final round 2 Attack (2 weeks) |
| Aug. 29, 2023. | Final presentation in Yokohama.  |

## How to participate in the iPWS Cup 2023
Please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe-Qyit8td6EmbRXJv_mmcsA_BGuL1XDBXHUzP0zSxHML4v2g/viewform) with the required information.

## Privacy Policy
TBD

## Contact
iPWS Cup Committee  
secretary-ipwscup2023(at)iwsec.org (replace (at) with @)

Commit message:

Update 'How to participate...' section

ipws2023/markdown/index.md, after:

# Data Anonymization Competition
# iPWS Cup 2023

<div align="center">
<img src="./Images/teaser.jpg" width=50%>
</div>

## What's new!
- Mar.  9th, 2023: Opened this page.

## Rules (overview)
### Story
In the story of iPWS Cup 2023, we intend to provide health data that contain diagnostic outcomes to researchers who study to predict risks of acquiring diabetes.  
The data contain records that include extreme high body-mass index (BMI).  
In the anonymization phase, each participating team of the iPWS Cup 2023 anonymizes health data in order to prevent identifying medical examinees.  
In the attack phase, each team checks whether anonymized data generated by other teams include their team's records or not. Once the inclusion is detected, identify the record from the anonymized data.  
The winner of the iPWS Cup 2023 will be a team that generated the most secure and useful health data.

## Committee
<dl>
 <dt>Chair</dt>
 <dd>Hiroaki Kikuchi, Meiji University, Japan</dd>
<dt>Members</dt>
 <dd>Makoto Iguchi, Kii Corporation, Japan</dd>
 <dd>Atsushi Kuromasa, Data Society Aliance, Japan</dd>
 <dd>Koji Chida, Gunma University, Japan</dd>
 <dd>Yuichi Nakamura, SoftBank Corp., Japan</dd>
 <dd>Takuma Hatano, NS Solutions Corporation, Japan</dd>
 <dd>Koki Hamada, NTT Social Informatics Laboratories, Japan</dd>
 <dd>Wakana Maeda, LINE, Japan</dd>
 <dd>Akira Yamada, Kobe University, Japan</dd>
 <dd>Takayuki Miura, NTT Social Informatics Laboratories, Japan</dd>
 <dd>MA Ruiqiang, Meiji University, Japan</dd>
 <dd>Chia-Mu Yu, National Yang Ming Chiao Tung University, Taiwan</dd>
 <dd>Hiromi Arai, RIKEN, Japan</dd>
 <dd>Hiroto Eguchi, TOPPAN, Japan</dd>
 <dd>Josep Domingo-Ferrer, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Catalonia</dd>
 <dd>Alberto Blanco-Justicia, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Catalonia</dd>
 <dd>Najeeb Jebreel, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Catalonia</dd>
 <dd>Isaac Agudo, University of Malaga, Spain</dd>
 <dd>Ruben Rios, University of Malaga, Spain</dd>
</dl>

## iPWS Cup 2023 Schedule
| Date | Events |
| :--- | :----- |
| May  10 - June  2, 2023. | Team registration |
| June  5 - June 19, 2023. | Preliminary round 1 Anonymization (2 weeks) |
| June 26 - July 10, 2023. | Preliminary round 2 Attack (2 weeks) |
| July 24 - Aug.  7, 2023. | Final round 1 Anonymization (2 weeks) |
| Aug. 14 - Aug. 21, 2023. | Final round 2 Attack (2 weeks) |
| Aug. 29, 2023. | Final presentation in Yokohama.  |

## How to participate in the iPWS Cup 2023
### Team requirement
- A team consists of several members. There is no limitation on the number of members per team. A team with only one member is acceptable.
- Members may be from different affiliations.
- A person cannot belong to more than one team. This rule is set to avoid any collusion among teams.
- The affiliation and member names will be hidden during the competition; only team names will be displayed.
- **At least one person per team needs full registration** to IWSEC 2023 (main conference).
    - The contact person does not always make the registration but one person in the team needs to join the main conference. Other members may join the competition for free of charge.
- We plan to discount the admission fee for participants only for the competition.
- Please contact secretary-ipwscup2023(at)iwsec.org (replace (at) with @) for more information.

### How to apply for the competition
1. Sign up on [CodaLab](https://codalab.lisn.upsaclay.fr/) since we are planning to run our competition on this open-source platform. **Each team needs to create one account**.\[[Quick guidance on how to sign-up](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15gq90xjbmNKMTcgf9qZA6ri0bS6QKWaNw8BkIeG3EUw/edit#)\]
1. Fill in the \[[team registration form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe-Qyit8td6EmbRXJv_mmcsA_BGuL1XDBXHUzP0zSxHML4v2g/viewform)\].
1. Wait for the competition to be ready. Once ready, we will announce it to you with further instructions on how to participate in the competition.

## Privacy Policy
TBD

## Contact
iPWS Cup Committee  
secretary-ipwscup2023(at)iwsec.org (replace (at) with @)
