2022/markdown/cup22_e.md, before:

# PWS Cup 2022

<div style="text-align: center;">
 <font size="2">
  <a href="./cup22.html">[Japanese]</a>
 </font>
</div>

<div align="center">
 <a href="./Images/poster2022_e_full.png">
  <img src="./Images/poster2022_e.jpg" width=50%>
 </a>
</div>

## What's New
- Sep. 12th, 2022: Updated the schedule
- Sep.  4th, 2022: Updated the schedule
- Sep.  2nd, 2022: The Preliminary Round (Attack phase) has started!
- Aug. 29th, 2022: Released the deadline of Anonymization phase in Preliminary Round.
- Aug. 18th, 2022:
    - The Preliminary Round (Anonymization phase) has started!
    - PWS CUP 2022 system is now available.
- Aug. 10th, 2022:
    - Extended entry period (2022/09/14(Wed)).
    - Updated [PWS Cup 2022 Event Guide](./Images/docs/rule_v2.pdf).
- July 28th, 2022:
    - Released [PWS Cup 2022 Event Guide](./Images/docs/rule_v2.pdf) (only in Japanese)
    - Released PWS Cup 2022 Schedule
- July 22nd, 2022: Created this page. Check [Participation Rules](./entry_e.html) page to participate in the PWS Cup 2022.

## Materials for participants
- [PWS Cup 2022 Event Guide](./Images/docs/rule_v2.pdf) (only in Japanese) (Released on July 28th. Last update: Aug. 11th.)

## Organizer
PWS Committee in the Computer Security Special Interest Group of the Information Processing Society of Japan  
(PWS Cup 2022 is a co-located workshop with the Computer Security Symposium 2022.)

## PWS Cup 2022 Schedule (JST)
Please note that the schedule is subject to change without notice.

- 2022/07/22(Fri) - ~~2022/08/15(Mon)~~ **2022/09/14(Wed)** Entry
- 2022/08/18(Thu) - 2022/08/30(Tue) Preliminary Round(Anonymization phase)
    - __Submission deadline: August 30th, 2022  23:59:59(JST)__
- 2022/09/04(Sun) - 2022/09/06(Tue) Preliminary Round(Anonymization phase) resumed
    - __Submission deadline: September 6th, 2022  23:59:59(JST)__
- ~~2022/09/02(Fri)~~ 2022/09/07(Wed) - 2022/09/13(Tue) Preliminary Round(Attack phase)
    - __Submission deadline: September 13th, 2022  11:59:59(JST)__
- 2022/09/15(Thu) Preliminary Round Review
    - 18:00~19:00 (19:00~19:30 interactive session) @Online
- 2022/09/16(Fri) - 2022/10/03(Mon) Final Round(Anonymization phase)
- 2022/10/07(Fri) - 2022/10/18(Tue) Final Round(Attack phase)
- 2022/10/26(Wed) (TBD) Final presentation/Presentation of results

### Note
- The preliminary round and the main round will be conducted online. The final presentation will basically be conducted online as well.
- The overall winner will be determined by combining the results of each phase.
- If you wish to register after the registration deadline, please do not hesitate to contact us, stating your circumstances.

## How to participate in the PWS Cup 2022
Check [Participation Rules](./entry_e.html) page

## PWS Cup 2022 session
TBD

## Privacy Policy
Check [PWS Cup 2022 Privacy Policy](./privacy_policy_e.html).

## Twitter
[PWS Cup Official Twitter](https://twitter.com/pwscup_admin)


## Contact
PWS Cup 2022 Working Group in the PWS Committee

  - Please use [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfyTFysiL6LBl4xGSHPV3qdl9mYIL_s_0yMMRQ7Q02gVf43Wg/viewform) to contact us.

Commit message:

Add the schedule of the Final Round.

2022/markdown/cup22_e.md, after:

# PWS Cup 2022

<div style="text-align: center;">
 <font size="2">
  <a href="./cup22.html">[Japanese]</a>
 </font>
</div>

<div align="center">
 <a href="./Images/poster2022_e_full.png">
  <img src="./Images/poster2022_e.jpg" width=50%>
 </a>
</div>

## What's New
- Sep. 16th, 2022:
    - The Final Round (Anonymization phase) has started!
    - Released the deadline of the Anonymization phase in the Final Round.
- Sep. 12th, 2022: Updated the schedule
- Sep.  4th, 2022: Updated the schedule
- Sep.  2nd, 2022: The Preliminary Round (Attack phase) has started!
- Aug. 29th, 2022: Released the deadline of Anonymization phase in the Preliminary Round.
- Aug. 18th, 2022:
    - The Preliminary Round (Anonymization phase) has started!
    - PWS CUP 2022 system is now available.
- Aug. 10th, 2022:
    - Extended entry period (2022/09/14(Wed)).
    - Updated [PWS Cup 2022 Event Guide](./Images/docs/rule_v2.pdf).
- July 28th, 2022:
    - Released [PWS Cup 2022 Event Guide](./Images/docs/rule_v2.pdf) (only in Japanese)
    - Released PWS Cup 2022 Schedule
- July 22nd, 2022: Created this page. Check [Participation Rules](./entry_e.html) page to participate in the PWS Cup 2022.

## Materials for participants
- [PWS Cup 2022 Event Guide](./Images/docs/rule_v2.pdf) (only in Japanese) (Released on July 28th. Last update: Aug. 11th.)

## Organizer
PWS Committee in the Computer Security Special Interest Group of the Information Processing Society of Japan  
(PWS Cup 2022 is a co-located workshop with the Computer Security Symposium 2022.)

## PWS Cup 2022 Schedule (JST)
Please note that the schedule is subject to change without notice.

- 2022/07/22(Fri) - ~~2022/08/15(Mon)~~ **2022/09/14(Wed)** Entry
- 2022/08/18(Thu) - 2022/08/30(Tue) Preliminary Round(Anonymization phase)
    - __Submission deadline: August 30th, 2022  23:59:59(JST)__
- 2022/09/04(Sun) - 2022/09/06(Tue) Preliminary Round(Anonymization phase) resumed
    - __Submission deadline: September 6th, 2022  23:59:59(JST)__
- ~~2022/09/02(Fri)~~ 2022/09/07(Wed) - 2022/09/13(Tue) Preliminary Round(Attack phase)
    - __Submission deadline: September 13th, 2022  11:59:59(JST)__
- 2022/09/15(Thu) Preliminary Round Review
    - 18:00~19:00 (19:00~19:30 interactive session) @Online
- 2022/09/16(Fri) - 2022/10/03(Mon) Final Round(Anonymization phase)
    - __Submission deadline: October 3rd, 2022 11:59:59(JST)__
- 2022/10/07(Fri) - 2022/10/18(Tue) Final Round(Attack phase)
- 2022/10/26(Wed) (TBD) Final presentation/Presentation of results

### Note
- The preliminary round and the main round will be conducted online. The final presentation will basically be conducted online as well.
- The overall winner will be determined by combining the results of each phase.
- If you wish to register after the registration deadline, please do not hesitate to contact us, stating your circumstances.

## How to participate in the PWS Cup 2022
Check [Participation Rules](./entry_e.html) page

## PWS Cup 2022 session
TBD

## Privacy Policy
Check [PWS Cup 2022 Privacy Policy](./privacy_policy_e.html).

## Twitter
[PWS Cup Official Twitter](https://twitter.com/pwscup_admin)


## Contact
PWS Cup 2022 Working Group in the PWS Committee

  - Please use [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfyTFysiL6LBl4xGSHPV3qdl9mYIL_s_0yMMRQ7Q02gVf43Wg/viewform) to contact us.
