2022/markdown/index_e.md, before:

# The 8th Privacy Workshop (PWS2022)

<div style="text-align: center;">
 <font size="2">
  <a href="./index.html">[Japanese]</a>
 </font>
</div>

## What's new
- Oct. 19th, 2022: Released the Sponsors list.
- Oct. 10th, 2022: Released the Supporters list.
- July 26th, 2022: Updated Registration for Participation, Paper Submission, and Paper Awards sections.
- July 22nd, 2022: PWS Cup 2022 entry started. Please check [PWS Cup 2022 page](./cup22_e.html).
- June 30th, 2022: Opened this page.

## Events
- A PWS session is going to be held on **July 20th, 2022** at Security Summer Summit(SSS) 2022. Please refer to [this website(Japanese)](https://www.ipsj.or.jp/kenkyukai/event/csec98spt48.html) for more details.

## About PWS (Privacy Workshop)
### Overview

As the need for big data utilization grows rapidly in Japan and overseas, there is a strong need for developing and establishing technologies and standards that balance the effective use of data while preserving privacy. To achieve this goal, it is essential to activate research and development of privacy protection technologies in Japan; this can be accomplished through active discussions and exchanges among academic institutions that promote research and development of privacy protection technologies and practitioners in industry who are active in the field of data utilization.

For the above purpose, the Computer Security Special Interest Group (CSEC) of the Information Processing Society of Japan has established the PWS Organizing Committee and co-hosted the “Privacy Workshop (PWS)” with the Security Psychology and Trust Special Interest Group (SPT) of the Information Processing Society of Japan. The PWS is scheduled to be held annually in conjunction with the Computer Security Symposium (CSS) and consists of events and sessions focusing mainly on privacy protection technologies for facilitating data utilization.

### Schedule

- Mon., October 24th, 2022 - Thu., October 27th, 2022

### PWS Committee

<dl>
 <dt>Chair</dt>
 <dd>Koji Chida (Gunma University)</dd>
 <dt>Co-Chair</dt>
 <dd>Ryo Nojima (NICT)</dd>
 <dd>Shoji Mima (Hitachi Consulting)</dd>
 <dt>Members</dt>
 <dd>Taeko Abe (NICT), Hiromi Arai (RIKEN), Makoto Iguchi (Kii), Satoshi Ito (Aichi Gakuin University), Shinsuke Ito (Chuo University), Hiroto Eguchi (Toppan), Hidenobu Oguri (Fujitsu), Hiroaki Kikuchi (Meiji University), Atsushi Kuromasa (Data Society Alliance), Masahiro Sugawa (Niigata University), Yuichi Sei (The Univesity of Electro-Communications), Tsubasa Takahashi (LINE), Takao Takenouchi (LINE), Mutsumi Tamai (SECOM), Masayuki Terada (NTT DOCOMO), Hiroshi Nakagawa (RIKEN), Yuichi Nakamura (SoftBank), Kenshiro Nishiyama (LegalForce), Takuma Hatano (NS Solutions), Koki Hamada (NTT), Chihiro Fujisaki (Toppan), Masahiro Fujita (Mitsubishi Electric), Ryo Furukawa (NEC), Ruiqiang Ma (Meiji University), Wakana Maeda (LINE), Takayuki Miura (NTT), Kazuhiro Minami (The Institute of Statistical Mathematics), Takao Murakami (AIST), Akira Yamada (KDDI Research), Chiemi Watanabe (Tsukuba University of Technology)
 </dd>
</dl>

### Registration for Participation
To register for PWS2022, please visit the registration site for [Computer Security Symposium 2022 (CSS2022)(in Japanese)](https://www.iwsec.org/css/2022/). By registering for CSS2022, you will be able to participate in CSS2022 and the joint sessions.

For more information about the registration process, please check the CSS2022 registration site and its registration fee page.

### Paper Submission
PWS2022 invites a wide range of papers to be presented on technologies that balance the effective use of data with privacy protection. Topics of interest include but are not limited to:

- Privacy protection of location/mobility information
- Privacy protection of medical/genomic information
- Healthcare and privacy
- Surveillance and Privacy
- Machine Learning and Deep Learning and Privacy
- Cloud computing and privacy
- Research connecting privacy to economics, law, and psychology
- Personal data protection
- Differential privacy
- Real-world systems and privacy
- Social network and privacy
- Database and privacy
- Statistics and privacy
- Anonymization and attack
- Definition and quantification of anonymity
- Anonymous communication and attack
- Forensics and privacy
- Human factors, usability, and user-centered design of privacy technologies
- Privacy-enhanced system
- Cryptographic techniques and protocols for privacy enhancement
- Policy language and tools for privacy
- Definition and quantification of privacy
- Privacy-preserving data mining
- Blockchain and privacy
- Profiling and privacy
- IoT and privacy
- Web privacy

To submit your paper to PWS2022, submit the paper to CSS2022. Please check [paper writing guidelines](https://www.iwsec.org/css/2022/writing.html) and [paper submission guidelines](https://www.iwsec.org/css/2022/submission.html) prior to the submission.

The CSS2022 Program Committee will decide a session your paper is to be presented on the basis of the paper's summary and keywords.
If you wish to present your paper in PWS2022 session, please select "PWSトラック" when you submit your paper.
Please note that we might not be able to accommodate your request to present your paper in PWS2022 session due to the number of paper submissions.
In such a case, we might ask you to present your paper in other CSS sessions.

### Paper Awards
We will present the following two awards.

#### PWS Paper Award
The program committee of the PWS track will select at most one paper that makes a particular contribution to the development of privacy protection technologies and the proper awareness of privacy risks among all papers presented at the PWS sessions. All authors of the selected paper will be awarded.

Receiving this award does not prevent you from receiving other awards granted in CSS 2022, such as CSS Best Paper Award, CSS Paper Awards, and CSS Student Paper Awards.

#### WS Student Paper Award
The program committee of the PWS track will select one paper that makes a particular contribution to the development of privacy protection technologies and the proper awareness of privacy risks among all papers presented by students (excluding adult students) at the PWS sessions. All authors of the selected paper will be awarded.

Receiving this award does not prevent you from receiving other awards granted in CSS 2022, such as CSS Best Paper Award, CSS Paper Awards, and CSS Student Paper Awards.

## Sponsors

<a href="https://www.iij.ad.jp/wizsafe/"><img src="Images/sponsors/iij_logo2.png" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>
<a href="https://www.nri.com/jp/"><img src="Images/sponsors/nri_logo.png" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>
<a href="https://www.soliton.co.jp/"><img src="Images/sponsors/Soliton_logo.png" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>
<a href="https://www.enna.co.jp/"><img src="Images/sponsors/ENNA_logo-2019.jpg" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>
<a href="https://www.sios.com/"><img src="Images/sponsors/logo-sios.png" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>
<a href="https://www.trendmicro.com/ja_jp/business.html"><img src="Images/sponsors/trend_micro.png" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>
<a href="https://nflabs.jp/"><img src="Images/sponsors/nflabs_logo.jpg" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>
<a href="https://www.hitachi.co.jp/hirt/"><img src="Images/sponsors/hirt_logo.png" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>
<a href="https://www.qtnet.co.jp/"><img src="Images/sponsors/QTnet_Logo_Color.png" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>
<a href="https://datasign.jp/"><img src="Images/sponsors/datasign_logo_v2_rc1.png" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>
<a href="https://legalforce-corp.com/"><img src="Images/sponsors/Lf_logo_new_RGB_yoko_150dpi.png" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>
<a href="https://www.qunie.com/"><img src="Images/sponsors/Mark_Lage-A.jpg" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>

## Supporters

[Personal Information Protection Commission (PPC)](https://www.ppc.go.jp/en/)

## Past PWS
- [PWS2021](https://www.iwsec.org/pws/2021/index_e.html)
- [PWS2020](https://www.iwsec.org/pws/2020/index_e.html)
- [PWS2019](https://www.iwsec.org/pws/2019/index_e.html)
- [PWS2018](https://www.iwsec.org/pws/2018/) (in Japanese)
- [PWS2017](https://www.iwsec.org/pws/2017/) (in Japanese)
- [PWS2016](https://www.iwsec.org/pws/2016/) (in Japanese)
- [PWS2015](https://www.iwsec.org/pws/2015/) (in Japanese)

## Privacy Policy
The PWS2022 privacy policy is governed by the [CSS2022 privacy policy (Japanese)](https://www.iwsec.org/css/2022/privacy.html).

Commit message:

Add the award-winning paper

2022/markdown/index_e.md, after:

# The 8th Privacy Workshop (PWS2022)

<div style="text-align: center;">
 <font size="2">
  <a href="./index.html">[Japanese]</a>
 </font>
</div>

## What's new
- Oct. 19th, 2022: Released the Sponsors list.
- Oct. 10th, 2022: Released the Supporters list.
- July 26th, 2022: Updated Registration for Participation, Paper Submission, and Paper Awards sections.
- July 22nd, 2022: PWS Cup 2022 entry started. Please check [PWS Cup 2022 page](./cup22_e.html).
- June 30th, 2022: Opened this page.

## Events
- A PWS session is going to be held on **July 20th, 2022** at Security Summer Summit(SSS) 2022. Please refer to [this website(Japanese)](https://www.ipsj.or.jp/kenkyukai/event/csec98spt48.html) for more details.

## About PWS (Privacy Workshop)
### Overview

As the need for big data utilization grows rapidly in Japan and overseas, there is a strong need for developing and establishing technologies and standards that balance the effective use of data while preserving privacy. To achieve this goal, it is essential to activate research and development of privacy protection technologies in Japan; this can be accomplished through active discussions and exchanges among academic institutions that promote research and development of privacy protection technologies and practitioners in industry who are active in the field of data utilization.

For the above purpose, the Computer Security Special Interest Group (CSEC) of the Information Processing Society of Japan has established the PWS Organizing Committee and co-hosted the “Privacy Workshop (PWS)” with the Security Psychology and Trust Special Interest Group (SPT) of the Information Processing Society of Japan. The PWS is scheduled to be held annually in conjunction with the Computer Security Symposium (CSS) and consists of events and sessions focusing mainly on privacy protection technologies for facilitating data utilization.

### Schedule

- Mon., October 24th, 2022 - Thu., October 27th, 2022

### PWS Committee

<dl>
 <dt>Chair</dt>
 <dd>Koji Chida (Gunma University)</dd>
 <dt>Co-Chair</dt>
 <dd>Ryo Nojima (NICT)</dd>
 <dd>Shoji Mima (Hitachi Consulting)</dd>
 <dt>Members</dt>
 <dd>Taeko Abe (NICT), Hiromi Arai (RIKEN), Makoto Iguchi (Kii), Satoshi Ito (Aichi Gakuin University), Shinsuke Ito (Chuo University), Hiroto Eguchi (Toppan), Hidenobu Oguri (Fujitsu), Hiroaki Kikuchi (Meiji University), Atsushi Kuromasa (Data Society Alliance), Masahiro Sugawa (Niigata University), Yuichi Sei (The Univesity of Electro-Communications), Tsubasa Takahashi (LINE), Takao Takenouchi (LINE), Mutsumi Tamai (SECOM), Masayuki Terada (NTT DOCOMO), Hiroshi Nakagawa (RIKEN), Yuichi Nakamura (SoftBank), Kenshiro Nishiyama (LegalForce), Takuma Hatano (NS Solutions), Koki Hamada (NTT), Chihiro Fujisaki (Toppan), Masahiro Fujita (Mitsubishi Electric), Ryo Furukawa (NEC), Ruiqiang Ma (Meiji University), Wakana Maeda (LINE), Takayuki Miura (NTT), Kazuhiro Minami (The Institute of Statistical Mathematics), Takao Murakami (AIST), Akira Yamada (KDDI Research), Chiemi Watanabe (Tsukuba University of Technology)
 </dd>
</dl>

### Registration for Participation
To register for PWS2022, please visit the registration site for [Computer Security Symposium 2022 (CSS2022)(in Japanese)](https://www.iwsec.org/css/2022/). By registering for CSS2022, you will be able to participate in CSS2022 and the joint sessions.

For more information about the registration process, please check the CSS2022 registration site and its registration fee page.

### Paper Submission
PWS2022 invites a wide range of papers to be presented on technologies that balance the effective use of data with privacy protection. Topics of interest include but are not limited to:

- Privacy protection of location/mobility information
- Privacy protection of medical/genomic information
- Healthcare and privacy
- Surveillance and Privacy
- Machine Learning and Deep Learning and Privacy
- Cloud computing and privacy
- Research connecting privacy to economics, law, and psychology
- Personal data protection
- Differential privacy
- Real-world systems and privacy
- Social network and privacy
- Database and privacy
- Statistics and privacy
- Anonymization and attack
- Definition and quantification of anonymity
- Anonymous communication and attack
- Forensics and privacy
- Human factors, usability, and user-centered design of privacy technologies
- Privacy-enhanced system
- Cryptographic techniques and protocols for privacy enhancement
- Policy language and tools for privacy
- Definition and quantification of privacy
- Privacy-preserving data mining
- Blockchain and privacy
- Profiling and privacy
- IoT and privacy
- Web privacy

To submit your paper to PWS2022, submit the paper to CSS2022. Please check [paper writing guidelines](https://www.iwsec.org/css/2022/writing.html) and [paper submission guidelines](https://www.iwsec.org/css/2022/submission.html) prior to the submission.

The CSS2022 Program Committee will decide a session your paper is to be presented on the basis of the paper's summary and keywords.
If you wish to present your paper in PWS2022 session, please select "PWSトラック" when you submit your paper.
Please note that we might not be able to accommodate your request to present your paper in PWS2022 session due to the number of paper submissions.
In such a case, we might ask you to present your paper in other CSS sessions.

### Paper Awards
We will present the following two awards.

#### PWS Paper Award
The program committee of the PWS track will select at most one paper that makes a particular contribution to the development of privacy protection technologies and the proper awareness of privacy risks among all papers presented at the PWS sessions. All authors of the selected paper will be awarded.

Receiving this award does not prevent you from receiving other awards granted in CSS 2022, such as CSS Best Paper Award, CSS Paper Awards, and CSS Student Paper Awards.

#### PWS Student Paper Award
The program committee of the PWS track will select one paper that makes a particular contribution to the development of privacy protection technologies and the proper awareness of privacy risks among all papers presented by students (excluding adult students) at the PWS sessions. All authors of the selected paper will be awarded.

Receiving this award does not prevent you from receiving other awards granted in CSS 2022, such as CSS Best Paper Award, CSS Paper Awards, and CSS Student Paper Awards.

#### Award-Winning Paper
##### PWS Paper Award
Title: Conduct and Facts of Privacy Impact Assessments Based on the Act on the Protection of Personal Information  
Authors: Miho Ikeda, Kumiko Kameishi, Takashi Hatashima, Akiko Fujimura, and Yoshinori Orime (NTT Social Informatics Laboratories)

##### PWS Student Paper Award
N/A

## Sponsors

<a href="https://www.iij.ad.jp/wizsafe/"><img src="Images/sponsors/iij_logo2.png" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>
<a href="https://www.nri.com/jp/"><img src="Images/sponsors/nri_logo.png" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>
<a href="https://www.soliton.co.jp/"><img src="Images/sponsors/Soliton_logo.png" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>
<a href="https://www.enna.co.jp/"><img src="Images/sponsors/ENNA_logo-2019.jpg" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>
<a href="https://www.sios.com/"><img src="Images/sponsors/logo-sios.png" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>
<a href="https://www.trendmicro.com/ja_jp/business.html"><img src="Images/sponsors/trend_micro.png" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>
<a href="https://nflabs.jp/"><img src="Images/sponsors/nflabs_logo.jpg" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>
<a href="https://www.hitachi.co.jp/hirt/"><img src="Images/sponsors/hirt_logo.png" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>
<a href="https://www.qtnet.co.jp/"><img src="Images/sponsors/QTnet_Logo_Color.png" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>
<a href="https://datasign.jp/"><img src="Images/sponsors/datasign_logo_v2_rc1.png" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>
<a href="https://legalforce-corp.com/"><img src="Images/sponsors/Lf_logo_new_RGB_yoko_150dpi.png" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>
<a href="https://www.qunie.com/"><img src="Images/sponsors/Mark_Lage-A.jpg" style="width:150px; margin: 10px"></a>

## Supporters

[Personal Information Protection Commission (PPC)](https://www.ppc.go.jp/en/)

## Past PWS
- [PWS2021](https://www.iwsec.org/pws/2021/index_e.html)
- [PWS2020](https://www.iwsec.org/pws/2020/index_e.html)
- [PWS2019](https://www.iwsec.org/pws/2019/index_e.html)
- [PWS2018](https://www.iwsec.org/pws/2018/) (in Japanese)
- [PWS2017](https://www.iwsec.org/pws/2017/) (in Japanese)
- [PWS2016](https://www.iwsec.org/pws/2016/) (in Japanese)
- [PWS2015](https://www.iwsec.org/pws/2015/) (in Japanese)

## Privacy Policy
The PWS2022 privacy policy is governed by the [CSS2022 privacy policy (Japanese)](https://www.iwsec.org/css/2022/privacy.html).
