2021/markdown/cup21_e.md, before:

# PWS Cup 2021

<div style="text-align: center;">
 <font size="2">
  <a href="./cup21.html">[Japanese]</a>
 </font>
</div>

<div align="center">
 <a href="./Images/poster2021_fullsize.jpg">
  <img src="./Images/poster2021.jpg" width=50%>
 </a>
</div>

## What' new
- Aug. 18th, 2021:
    - Added participating teams list.
    - Added a document describing [how to share and upload files (Japanese)](./Images/docs/README.pdf) and [the contest data set](./Nhanes.html).
    - Update the schedule (The anonymization phase of preliminary round and the review of the preliminary round)
- July 31st, 2021: [The introduction movie of PWS Cup 2021](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iItc_uT9hk) has been released.
- July 22nd, 2021: [The entry form](https://forms.gle/b2gBRWQnkRifPWcC6) has been opened.
- July 18th, 2021: Added the schedule, the privacy policy, and the entry page.
- June 28th, 2021: Created this page.

## Documents for participating teams
- [How to share and upload files?](./Images/docs/README.pdf) (Japanese)
- [About the contest data set](./Nhanes.html) (English follows Japanese)

## Rules (overview)
### Story
In the story of PWS Cup 2021, we intend to provide health data that contain diagnostic outcomes to researchers who study to predict risks of acquiring diabetes.  
The data contain records that include extreme high body-mass index (BMI).  
In the anonymization phase, each participating team of the PWS Cup 2021 anonymizes health data in order to prevent identifying medical examinees.  
In the attack phase, each team checks whether anonymized data generated by other teams include their team's records or not. Once the inclusion is detected, identify the record from the anonymized data.  
The winner of the PWC Cup 2021 will be a team that generated the safest and the most useful health data.

### Movie
<center><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/5iItc_uT9hk" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></center>

## Organizer
PWS Committee in the Computer Security Special Interest Group of the Information Processing Society of Japan  
(PWS Cup 2021 is a co-located workshop with the Computer Security Symposium 2021.)

## PWS Cup 2021 Schedule (JST)
The schedule is subject to change without notice.

- Thu., July 22nd, 2021 - Mon., July August 16th, 2021: Entries accepted
- Thu., August 19th, 2021 - Tues., August 31st, 2021: The dates of the preliminary round (anonymization phase)
    - __Submission deadline: August 31st, 2021 23:59:59(JST)__
- Thu., September 2nd, 2021: Start date of the preliminary round (attack phase)
- Wed,. September 15th, 2021: Review of the preliminary round
    - The review will be held at 5:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. (JST) (Online)
- Thu., September 16th, 2021: Start date of the final round (anonymization phase)
- Thu., September 30th, 2021: Start date of the final round (attack phase)
- Wed., October 27th, 2021 (TBD): The final presentation by participating teams / Presentation of the final result

### Remarks
- All rounds and presentations will be held online.
- The final ranking will be determined based on the results of the rounds.

## How to participate the PWS Cup 2021
Check the [Entry](./entry_e.html) page

## Participating teams

<table border="1">
<tr><td>Team </td><td>Comment</td><td>Leader</td><td>Affiliation</td></tr>
<tr><td>内気ジャッカル</td><td></td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr>
<tr><td>麦わら海賊団</td><td>初心者ながらベストを尽くしたいと思います。</td><td>吉田伸弥</td><td>-</td></tr>
<tr><td>大崎KG</td><td>頑張ります。</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr>
<tr><td>Erhoehts</td><td>「エルヘーツ」と読みます</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr>
<tr><td>宮地研.exe</td><td>初参加ですが頑張ります</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr>
<tr><td>Data Protection Club</td><td></td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr>
<tr><td>ステテコfishy</td><td>勝ちます</td><td>伊藤聡志</td><td>明治大学</td></tr>
<tr><td>めたぼっち</td><td>減量しながらがんばります！</td><td>井口誠</td><td>Kii株式会社</td></tr>
<tr><td>Abyssec</td><td></td><td>成田惇</td><td>静岡大学</td></tr>
<tr><td>たけのこ医院</td><td>頑張ります</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr>
<tr><td>みどりぐみ</td><td></td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr>
<tr><td>匿工野郎Aチーム</td><td></td><td>長谷川慶太</td><td>-</td></tr>
<tr><td>なし</td><td>あまり当てられないように頑張ります</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr>
</table>

## Privacy Policy
Check [PWS Cup 2021 Privacy Policy](./privacy_policy_e.html).

## Twitter
[PWS Cup Official Twitter](https://twitter.com/pwscup_admin)


## Contact
PWS Cup 2021 Working Group in the PWS Committee

  - pwscup2021-info(at)iwsec.org

Commit message:

Added a link to documents of rules and scripts for PWS Cup 2021.

2021/markdown/cup21_e.md, after:

# PWS Cup 2021

<div style="text-align: center;">
 <font size="2">
  <a href="./cup21.html">[Japanese]</a>
 </font>
</div>

<div align="center">
 <a href="./Images/poster2021_fullsize.jpg">
  <img src="./Images/poster2021.jpg" width=50%>
 </a>
</div>

## What' new
- Aug. 19th, 2021: [Documents of the rules / scripts for PWS Cup 2021](https://github.com/kikn88/pwscup2021) have been released.
- Aug. 18th, 2021:
    - Added participating teams list.
    - Added a document describing [how to share and upload files (Japanese)](./Images/docs/README.pdf) and [the contest data set](./Nhanes.html).
    - Update the schedule (The anonymization phase of preliminary round and the review of the preliminary round)
- July 31st, 2021: [The introduction movie of PWS Cup 2021](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iItc_uT9hk) has been released.
- July 22nd, 2021: [The entry form](https://forms.gle/b2gBRWQnkRifPWcC6) has been opened.
- July 18th, 2021: Added the schedule, the privacy policy, and the entry page.
- June 28th, 2021: Created this page.

## Documents for participating teams
- [How to share and upload files?](./Images/docs/README.pdf) (Japanese)
- [About the contest data set](./Nhanes.html) (English follows Japanese)
- [Documents of the rules / scripts for PWS Cup 2021](https://github.com/kikn88/pwscup2021)

## Rules (overview)
### Story
In the story of PWS Cup 2021, we intend to provide health data that contain diagnostic outcomes to researchers who study to predict risks of acquiring diabetes.  
The data contain records that include extreme high body-mass index (BMI).  
In the anonymization phase, each participating team of the PWS Cup 2021 anonymizes health data in order to prevent identifying medical examinees.  
In the attack phase, each team checks whether anonymized data generated by other teams include their team's records or not. Once the inclusion is detected, identify the record from the anonymized data.  
The winner of the PWC Cup 2021 will be a team that generated the safest and the most useful health data.

### Movie
<center><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/5iItc_uT9hk" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></center>

## Organizer
PWS Committee in the Computer Security Special Interest Group of the Information Processing Society of Japan  
(PWS Cup 2021 is a co-located workshop with the Computer Security Symposium 2021.)

## PWS Cup 2021 Schedule (JST)
The schedule is subject to change without notice.

- Thu., July 22nd, 2021 - Mon., July August 16th, 2021: Entries accepted
- Thu., August 19th, 2021 - Tues., August 31st, 2021: The dates of the preliminary round (anonymization phase)
    - __Submission deadline: August 31st, 2021 23:59:59(JST)__
- Thu., September 2nd, 2021: Start date of the preliminary round (attack phase)
- Wed,. September 15th, 2021: Review of the preliminary round
    - The review will be held at 5:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. (JST) (Online)
- Thu., September 16th, 2021: Start date of the final round (anonymization phase)
- Thu., September 30th, 2021: Start date of the final round (attack phase)
- Wed., October 27th, 2021 (TBD): The final presentation by participating teams / Presentation of the final result

### Remarks
- All rounds and presentations will be held online.
- The final ranking will be determined based on the results of the rounds.

## How to participate the PWS Cup 2021
Check the [Entry](./entry_e.html) page

## Participating teams

<table border="1">
<tr><td>Team </td><td>Comment</td><td>Leader</td><td>Affiliation</td></tr>
<tr><td>内気ジャッカル</td><td></td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr>
<tr><td>麦わら海賊団</td><td>初心者ながらベストを尽くしたいと思います。</td><td>吉田伸弥</td><td>-</td></tr>
<tr><td>大崎KG</td><td>頑張ります。</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr>
<tr><td>Erhoehts</td><td>「エルヘーツ」と読みます</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr>
<tr><td>宮地研.exe</td><td>初参加ですが頑張ります</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr>
<tr><td>Data Protection Club</td><td></td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr>
<tr><td>ステテコfishy</td><td>勝ちます</td><td>伊藤聡志</td><td>明治大学</td></tr>
<tr><td>めたぼっち</td><td>減量しながらがんばります！</td><td>井口誠</td><td>Kii株式会社</td></tr>
<tr><td>Abyssec</td><td></td><td>成田惇</td><td>静岡大学</td></tr>
<tr><td>たけのこ医院</td><td>頑張ります</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr>
<tr><td>みどりぐみ</td><td></td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr>
<tr><td>匿工野郎Aチーム</td><td></td><td>長谷川慶太</td><td>-</td></tr>
<tr><td>なし</td><td>あまり当てられないように頑張ります</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr>
</table>

## Privacy Policy
Check [PWS Cup 2021 Privacy Policy](./privacy_policy_e.html).

## Twitter
[PWS Cup Official Twitter](https://twitter.com/pwscup_admin)


## Contact
PWS Cup 2021 Working Group in the PWS Committee

  - pwscup2021-info(at)iwsec.org
